Xfem cutter using crack tip stress field (#27709)
idaholab/moose: modules/xfem/doc/content/source/userobjects/MeshCut2DFractureUserObject.md

\begin{equation}
K_c \le \sqrt{K^2_I+K^2_{II}}
\end{equation}

where $K_I$ and $K_{II}$ are the mode I and II stress intensity factors provided by the fracture integral and the material property $K_c$ is given defined in the input file by [!param](/UserObjects/MeshCut2DFractureUserObject/k_critical).  The crack growth direction is given by the direction the maximized the crack-tip hoop stress, given by Equation 5 in [!cite](jiang2020).  The growth increment is a user provided input given in the defined by [!param](/UserObjects/MeshCut2DFractureUserObject/growth_increment).  The fracture integrals $K_I$ and $K_{II}$ are obtained from the [InteractionIntegral.md] vectorpostprocessor specified in the input file by [!param](/UserObjects/MeshCut2DFractureUserObject/ki_vectorpostprocessor) and [!param](/UserObjects/MeshCut2DFractureUserObject/kii_vectorpostprocessor).  Defaults for [!param](/UserObjects/MeshCut2DFractureUserObject/ki_vectorpostprocessor) and [!param](/UserObjects/MeshCut2DFractureUserObject/kii_vectorpostprocessor) use the names produced by the [/DomainIntegralAction.md] which is the standard way to set-up the [InteractionIntegral.md].

> Near a free surface, the integration volume of the q-function used to compute the `InteractionIntegral` will intersect the surface, leading to a reduction in the fracture integral values.  This can lead to cracks becoming stuck near free surfaces.  For these cases, a maximum stress criterion computed using [CrackFrontNormalStress.md] vectorpostprocessor can be used for crack growth using an additional failure criterion given by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Near a free surface, the integration volumes of the rings used to compute the `InteractionIntegral` will intersect the surface, leading to a reduction in the fracture integral values.  This can lead to cracks becoming unable to farther propagate as they approach free surfaces.  For these cases, a maximum stress criterion computed using [CrackFrontNormalStress.md] vectorpostprocessor can be used for crack growth using an additional failure criterion given by:
```
